Ouch, that's really great.
Grandma, don't trust him so easily
He must be acting
The dragon guards were played by him one after another
How could I possibly help him?
That's right, master
We should draw a line with Ryuida as soon as possible
Boundaries are good
In case one day because of Long Jingtian's behavior
Angry Long Shuai and Long Kuwei
Then isn't our Ye family finished?
The patriarch Xiao Xiao and Shen Long said the same thing.
Grandma, cousin, this family has a point.
We can't just throw the same
This is getting burned again.
What do we do?
OK, OK.
Doing great things requires the courage to be imparted later
Longjing Tian, I believe in you once
You have to let the old student down
I will definitely show you
What is ruthless
The more I know it's not to be trifled with
Family rest assured
I, Longjingtian, will never let you down.
Also when I'm about to make a request later
I don't want my family to let me down either
As long as it's not too much
You can mention this kind of person, just shut up for me
Useless thing
Why is my back full of you at night?
short-sighted
Courageous and reckless
Emperor Dragon Shuai
Guard Longtian
Delong Shuali
I came here to invite the head of the Ye family to receive the document